Reviewing the Results
First, let’s concentrate on 10.5.5.30.
At first glance, this appears to be the
domain controller for sandbox.local.
Now that we know what ports are open, we
can conduct a deeper scan on them using
the default Nmap scripts in an attempt to
extract some more information.
The domain controller seems to
be a newer build of Windows,
and from both scans, it does not seem
to be running any services
other than those intended
for a domain controller.
While it’s possible for a domain
controller to be directly exploitable
through specific vulnerabilities, from
our experience, this is unlikely
since these servers are
typically hardened.
Let’s move on to reviewing 10.5.5.25 in
hopes that it will be a better target.
We will start by again conducting an
Nmap scan using the default Nmap scripts.
The Nmap scan discovered that
the target is named Cevapi,
and is running Windows 10 Pro.
Our Nmap scan also discovered
port 8080 open on the host
and suggested that an
http-proxy service is running on it.
However, this port is also commonly
used to run HTTP applications.
One simple way of gathering more
information is to visit the page.
We first have to configure Firefox
to use our SOCKS proxy.
This can be done by adding a
new configuration to Foxy Proxy.
We’ll enter ProxyChains for the name,
set the Proxy Type to SOCKS4,
then enter the localhost IP
with the port of 1080.
Finally, we click Save and
select ProxyChains
by clicking on the Foxy Proxy icon.
Next, we’ll navigate to
Cevapi on port 8080.
The page that opens up
is a Jenkins login page.
This is a very interesting target
as Jenkins is an extremely powerful
piece of software that might
expose an attack surface.
We’ll concentrate our efforts
on this host next.